fix(pydantic): Allow conversion of pydantic models with mutable defaults (#1491)
strawberry-graphql/strawberry: RELEASE.md

Release type: patch

This release allows conversion of pydantic models with mutable default fields into strawberry types.

> Also fixes bug when converting a pydantic model field with default_factory. Previously would except when it was declared before fields without defaults.

Reviewer: I think there’s a typo here :)
```suggestion
Also fixes bug when converting a pydantic model field with default_factory. Previously it would raise an exception when fields with a default_factory were declared before fields without defaults.
```
